Two reviewers for "opinionated" changes. (#473)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: CONTRIBUTING.md

[discussions tab] of this repository. Does something seem like it's broken?
Please go ahead and [open an issue]!

The template and [website] pages are open to contributions! But they will need
to be reviewed by a member or associate member of ARC.

We will probably be slow to approve new tool suggestions (since we'll probably
want to discuss them first) but don't let that put you off creating an issue!

> Any opinion changes should be approved by at least two reviewers who are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any opinionated changes should be approved by at least two reviewers who are
```

For consistency with usage below and as `opinion changes` reads a bit oddly to me, but I'm not strong opinionated on this 🙃

Reviewer: I guess maybe the key point here is do we mean changes in the opinion reflected in the website / template (in which case I think current text is fine) or any changes to repository we believe are 'opinionated' which I'm interpreting as due to subjective preferences rather than something more 'objective' (admittedly that distinction is itself quite subjective...).

> Any controversial changes should be approved by at least two reviewers who are
> members or associate members of ARC. Pull-request authors are trusted to add two
> reviewers to anything that they think might be controversial. If a reviewer adds
> a second reviewer, please wait for both to approve before merging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any non-trivial changes should be approved by at least two reviewers who are
members or associate members of ARC. Pull-request authors are trusted to add two
reviewers to anything that they think might be non-trivial. If a reviewer adds
a second reviewer, please wait for both to approve before merging.
```

I don't like the phrasing "controversial", which implies we will disagree, instead of discussing and coming to a consensus (which I think is a more positive way of doing things!)

"non-trivial" is my suggestion, which I don't like loads, so other suggestions welcome...?

Author: "opinionated"?

Author: (As in: we give opinionated recommendations.)

Reviewer 2: 👍 I like that more than controversial or non-trivial
